Hello guys will come back.
So use your schema is just a blueprint and it will have a set of attributes and you can add more attributes
as many as you like.
For example if you want to go friend then you can type the data type will be type
but of course we want to do this so we will actually remove
the first function that we did is precinct's Mangu schema has this functionality as part of the object
statically before we want to save the password attribute to the database.
You want to encrypt the password attribute.
So whenever we use the fast with is ABC entry tree it will get encrypted to just kind of hash value.
So this again
the second function that we created is a custom function.
So technically we get every name comparer password.
What it does is it compare password between the password and the user typed in and the password in the
database.
Simple that the file custom function that we learn is Gravatar the function will directly generate an
image for us.
Every time a user signs up it all thanks to Gravatar felting that we need to do is one to fix or this
entire schema to do so.
Model Daut export equals to mongoose model.
And then the name of the model which will be user.
And then this Monday you want to pass now in the file.
You can simply do cons user or user close to this
in the next view.
We will learn how to create a sign up API or CEOs in next video.